drop ball1 roomb left
drop ball1 roomb right
drop ball10 roomb left
drop ball10 roomb right
drop ball11 roomb left
drop ball11 roomb right
drop ball12 roomb left
drop ball12 roomb right
drop ball13 roomb left
drop ball13 roomb right
drop ball2 roomb left
drop ball2 roomb right
drop ball3 roomb left
drop ball3 roomb right
drop ball4 roomb left
drop ball4 roomb right
drop ball5 roomb left
drop ball5 roomb right
drop ball6 roomb left
drop ball6 roomb right
drop ball7 roomb left
drop ball7 roomb right
drop ball8 roomb left
drop ball8 roomb right
drop ball9 roomb left
drop ball9 roomb right
move rooma roomb
move roomb rooma
pick ball1 rooma left
pick ball1 rooma right
pick ball10 rooma left
pick ball10 rooma right
pick ball11 rooma left
pick ball11 rooma right
pick ball12 rooma left
pick ball12 rooma right
pick ball13 rooma left
pick ball13 rooma right
pick ball2 rooma left
pick ball2 rooma right
pick ball3 rooma left
pick ball3 rooma right
pick ball4 rooma left
pick ball4 rooma right
pick ball5 rooma left
pick ball5 rooma right
pick ball6 rooma left
pick ball6 rooma right
pick ball7 rooma left
pick ball7 rooma right
pick ball8 rooma left
pick ball8 rooma right
pick ball9 rooma left
pick ball9 rooma right
