drop ball1 roomb left
drop ball1 roomb right
drop ball10 roomb left
drop ball10 roomb right
drop ball11 roomb left
drop ball11 roomb right
drop ball12 roomb left
drop ball12 roomb right
drop ball13 roomb left
drop ball13 roomb right
drop ball14 roomb left
drop ball14 roomb right
drop ball15 roomb left
drop ball15 roomb right
drop ball16 roomb left
drop ball16 roomb right
drop ball17 roomb left
drop ball17 roomb right
drop ball18 roomb left
drop ball18 roomb right
drop ball19 roomb left
drop ball19 roomb right
drop ball2 roomb left
drop ball2 roomb right
drop ball20 roomb left
drop ball20 roomb right
drop ball21 roomb left
drop ball21 roomb right
drop ball22 roomb left
drop ball22 roomb right
drop ball23 roomb left
drop ball23 roomb right
drop ball24 roomb left
drop ball24 roomb right
drop ball25 roomb left
drop ball25 roomb right
drop ball26 roomb left
drop ball26 roomb right
drop ball27 roomb left
drop ball27 roomb right
drop ball3 roomb left
drop ball3 roomb right
drop ball4 roomb left
drop ball4 roomb right
drop ball5 roomb left
drop ball5 roomb right
drop ball6 roomb left
drop ball6 roomb right
drop ball7 roomb left
drop ball7 roomb right
drop ball8 roomb left
drop ball8 roomb right
drop ball9 roomb left
drop ball9 roomb right
move rooma roomb
move roomb rooma
pick ball1 rooma left
pick ball1 rooma right
pick ball10 rooma left
pick ball10 rooma right
pick ball11 rooma left
pick ball11 rooma right
pick ball12 rooma left
pick ball12 rooma right
pick ball13 rooma left
pick ball13 rooma right
pick ball14 rooma left
pick ball14 rooma right
pick ball15 rooma left
pick ball15 rooma right
pick ball16 rooma left
pick ball16 rooma right
pick ball17 rooma left
pick ball17 rooma right
pick ball18 rooma left
pick ball18 rooma right
pick ball19 rooma left
pick ball19 rooma right
pick ball2 rooma left
pick ball2 rooma right
pick ball20 rooma left
pick ball20 rooma right
pick ball21 rooma left
pick ball21 rooma right
pick ball22 rooma left
pick ball22 rooma right
pick ball23 rooma left
pick ball23 rooma right
pick ball24 rooma left
pick ball24 rooma right
pick ball25 rooma left
pick ball25 rooma right
pick ball26 rooma left
pick ball26 rooma right
pick ball27 rooma left
pick ball27 rooma right
pick ball3 rooma left
pick ball3 rooma right
pick ball4 rooma left
pick ball4 rooma right
pick ball5 rooma left
pick ball5 rooma right
pick ball6 rooma left
pick ball6 rooma right
pick ball7 rooma left
pick ball7 rooma right
pick ball8 rooma left
pick ball8 rooma right
pick ball9 rooma left
pick ball9 rooma right
